Hey Brother Zhou, why don't you and Zhou Qingli get together?
Where did we meet Uncle Zhou? Did you really meet Brother Luo Lun?
He's at Crescent Square
Met him last night
Maybe I'm afraid that you'll offend Xi Yanli by going there?
Yesterday they were buying collar bags
Lou Ruan returned the collar bag to Xiyanli
Looks pretty nasty
Then how about we do all of this?
No need to lose it, wrap it all up
And the very first one
Aren’t they all chosen carefully by the madam?
But she just wants to spend some money on me
Yes, I just want to spend money on you.
As an independent man in the new era
Shouldn't the wife be allowed to spend money?
But since Madam wants to spend money on me so much
There is no new era of independent men
others don't know
but i am like this
That's all
If you are ignorant, you will be hated
Do you want anything?